Are you threatening me?
Ah no no no
You are not qualified to put me in crisis
Don't say it's you
Even if it's your father
They don't dare to use my words either
Hahaha
It seems that you don't know the energy of your three major families
Golden Phoenix
I'll tell you what.
The father of the three of us is now
It is making coral with the southern water.
The ninth master begged him upstairs
Tonight.
We can face the listening of ten thousand people
How many people are there in the whole man?
The cowhide blows
Since you are so powerful, come and come
Go and call our father down
I'd like to see it
Do they dare to talk to you like that?
Well, since you asked sincerely
Then I will mercifully fulfill you
Hey call
Did you still call?
The three major families can offend me
Get their homeowners down now
Apologize to me
Otherwise, I won't tonight
Three major families
Delisting